Name: 
Percival Hooo, 
Lord Chancellor of House Furdinand, 
Lord Hooo (as the second son of Lord Mortimer Hooo, the Duke of Talonia)

Species: Tawny Owl
Age: 75 years old 

Description: 
Percival is the second son of a duke of the Eyrie Dynasty. 
As a young man, he was quiet, thoughtful, and reserved, 
more interested in studying and reading than the politics of the Eyrie’s pecking order. 
Wanting to escape the squabbling and infighting of his place of birth, 
he secured a position as chancellor to a distant woodland king. 
He has not remained in communication with his family 
except to write to his older brother and 
wish him a happy birthday when he remembers. 

Percival has been serving the family for most of his adult life. 
He sees them as his own family and especially adores the children - 
though they are often quite afraid of him. 
As Chancellor, Percival fills an official role 
as a diplomatic advisor to the King and Queen. 
He also oversees much of the administrative duties of the King’s household, 
such as handling correspondence, planning meetings and events, 
hiring staff, and reminding the King who’s who.  

He’s one of only a few birds in the region, 
and almost certainly the only owl for miles. 
He’s had his fair share of suspicions lodged against him, 
but he has proved his loyalty by aiding the family into the power they now possess and 
fostering relationships with the neighboring regions. 
He’s been in the service of House Furdinand for so long now that 
only strangers of the family would think to comment on the matter of his species. 

Percival is quite old and wields a cane, 
but still stands up straight and maintains his posture. 
His soft brown feathers are greying a bit and are thinning on the top of his head. 
He is stern with those who disappoint him, but his eyes are soft and his demeanor is kind. 
He wears a plain grey robe and a forest green and lavender stole that bears the crest of House Furdinand, 
as well as a simple gold medallion to symbolize his rank as Chancellor. 
He wears a signet ring of House Furdinand and carries a ledger, quills and ink, 
and a small dagger that serves as a letter opener more often than anything else. 